feat: add airdrop faucet tokens description in readme (#480)
tari-project/tari-dan: README.md

Once the template is registered on the base layer and sufficiently mined, you should see it in the `templates` table of the `global_storage.sqlite` file  under `data/validator`. The `compiled_code` column should contain binary data and the `status` column should be `Active`.

### Get airdropped base layer (Mino)Tari tokens to pay for fees

> Before the user can start submitting transactions to the network, it has to obtain base layer (Mino)Tari tokens. At the moment, the
> simplest way to do so is to request an airdrop of (free test) tokens from the network itself. In order to do so, the user should
> first create an account, using the tari wallet client, as follows:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the user can start submitting transactions to the network, it has to obtain base layer (Mino)Tari tokens to pay for fees. At the moment, the
simplest way to do so is to request an airdrop of (free test) tokens from the network itself. In order to do so, the user should
first create an account, using the tari wallet client, as follows:

```

```
    cargo run --bin tari_dan_wallet_cli -- accounts create --account-name <USER_ACCOUNT_NAME>
```

After the user has created an account, it can request an airdrop via the command

```
    cargo run --bin tari_dan_wallet_cli -- accounts faucet --account-name <USER_ACCOUNT_NAME> --amount <AMOUNT> --fee <FEE_AMOUNT>
```

Notice that for the DAN wallet cli to execute successfully, the user must have a wallet daemon connected to a validator node (see the
above).

### Claiming L1 burn Tari on the DAN

> On the other hand, a user wishing to pay for fees in the Tari network, can claim these from MinoTari on the base layer.
> This process is more complex and tedious at the moment, but has the advantage that it will be process to be used when
> the mainnet is launched. To be able to claim burn Tari, it is necessary to first burn MinoTari, on the base layer. After
> burning tari on the Tari base layer, the client is prompted with the following data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
L1 Minotari coins and able to be burnt and claimed, they may convert (1:1) these to Tari coins on the layer-2 network. This process is fairly complex and manual at the time of writing, but is planned to improve in the future. The first step is to burn Minotari base layer funds making sure to include a claim public key. A private claim key must be known to claim the funds on the layer-2 Tari network. Burning yields the following data:

```

Author: Addressed

```
{
    "transaction_id": <transaction_id>,
    "is_success": <IS_SUCCESS>,
    "failure_message": <FAILURE_MESSAGE>,
    "commitment": <COMMITMENT>,
    "ownership_proof": <OWNERSHIP_PROOF>,
    "rangeproof": <RANGEPROOF>
}
```

> Notice that, to burn MinoTari, the user had to pass a claim public key

Reviewer: Maybe not needed with the above wording

```
"claim_public_key": <CLAIM_PUBLIC_KEY>
```

> As in the previous section, the user creates an account on the Tari network, via the wallet cli. After an account is created
> with 
> 
> ```
> "account_name": <ACCOUNT_NAME>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user must create an account on the Tari network using the `accounts create` wallet CLI command prior to claiming. See the previous section for details on creating an account. The public key of this account should be used as the claim public key when burning funds.
```
